# hello-world

Inspired by the game changing potential of blockchain technology that I had learned about through attending Bitcoin Brisbane & Blockchain and Brisbane Ethereum meetups and encuraged by the sentiments of https://github.com/bokkypoobah/QuitYourFuckingShittyJob- I took sabbatical from my long standing middle management gig within the Queensland government. It was July 2017 and I simply gave myself permission, time and space to be authentic, to get up to speed with where the world was heading and work on stuff that actually ignited my passion.

My blockchain journey started out in a rather accidental way. First task on my being authentic journey was to make progress with one of my bucket list items - to win a major international poker tournament. This one was going to be tricky because the Australian government had violated my digital freedom, by banning the provision of online poker services to Australian citizens. Online poker tournaments was a practical way to get in volumes of experience competing for decent prizes in large player pools against the worlds best. Before the Australian government ban, I would play back online sessions with my amazing poker coach and we would spend hours dissecting hand histories and analysing my execution of various game strategies. 

Many Australian online poker players tried work arounds like VPN's and fake accounts but the IP blocking, geo blocking and censorship technology being deployed to prevent us from competing in our favourite game is as impressive as Great Firewall of China. As a work around to the online poker ban, I looked into the viability of playing anonymous online poker with Bitcoin. I had acquired my first piece of Bitcoin in mid 2016, back in the day when I didn't know a single person in my networks who owned any bitcoin or even a single person knew what bitcoin was. 

To validate whether the idea of investing time to compete in online Bitcoin poker was totally nuts or a sound alternative, I embarked on a quest to talk to someone who actually knew stuff about Bitcoin. A bit of cyber searching narrowed my pursuit down to one dude, a Brisbane local named Lucas Cullen. Lucas had been advising the Australian Senate on Bitcoin technology from as early as 2014, and advised Blockchain Australian of technical standards, he ran a local software development consultancy called Bitcoin Brisbane and led an Australian team to win the Deloitte/ConsenSys blockchain hackathon in New York in 2017. Low and behold, Lucas was also a poker player and in his spare time he was working on open source development of a blockchain based poker game https://github.com/bitcoinbrisbane/BitPoker. I read the BitPoker repo several times, appreciating its ingenuity and realising that the rort free online poker platform I was looking for to restore and revolutionise online poker was a decentralised blockchain system and that was yet to be developed.

It became apparent that this Lucas was a rather elusive individual seemingly always out of town at some exotic location, imparting his wisdom about blockchain technology. It took me a while to find Lucas, a born to be programer and uniquely cool dude with ripped jeans, a hoodie and a User Activated Soft Fork (UASF) cap LOL. Recently been working on a gig with the Virtue Poker team at ConsenSys (when he is not trying to bluff me of all my chips at the local card room). I am a self appointed Beta tester of CoinPoker which has made an impressive debut and it would be wonderful for the poker ecosystem if blockchain poker projects could collaborate, especially with respect to tradability of a universal crypto token.  

In my pursuit to meet Lucas, I meet many amazing individuals along the way. The first standout was Eru Penkman, a passionate developer from Thoughtworks. Eru is the loveliest guy who totally unravelled all of my misconceptions about computer geeks. Eru opened up my world to a whole community of people that are not only brilliant coders and software developers but also incredibly well rounded individuals who see disruptive technologies as a vehicle for making positive social change for all people in the world. 

The software company Thoughworks also blow me away, with their innovative, collaborative and agile workplace culture that had social and economic justice at the heart of its software development. Through some of the free talks and information sessions held by Thoughtworks, I started learning all sorts of disturbing stuff about digital rights and digital privacy, algorithmic justice, the misuse of personal data and the inelegant interface between sovereignty, law and technology. I stopped using public WiFis and started using VPNs and ToR browsers and transitioned over to encrypted email and messaging services. 

It was Eru who encouraged me enter into the Aaron Swartz Day Brisbane Hackathon. I was very fortunate to partner up with Samuel Huang, a very clever backend developer and software engineer who recently immigrated to Australia from China to enable his passion to build solutions for human rights to internet access and digital privacy. We took down first place in the hackathon with our project that built and documented installation instructions for a free, anonymous, disposal, cloud based VPN that was accessible from within the Great Firewall of China. The downloadable client package configures a range of existing open source scripts that have the effect of rendering a wide range of digital censorship methods ineffective. It was a pretty awesome project because it enables encrypted internet access for personal use for people who’s digital rights are affected by censorship regimes.

The project went to soft launch in early 2018 through trusted community networks within China, and just in time for the implementation of Chinese government regulations that officially made it illegal for domestic service providers to provide VPN services to local Chinese citizens. Feedback from early adopters is that it is working well for OSX system connecting to the AWS cloud and but users relying on the Windows operating systems and the MS Azure cloud are not having the best user experience. Open source collaboration for continuous improvement is welcomed via the Github repo at https://github.com/samuelhbne/vpn-launchpad. When I returned to the next Internet Freedom hackathon in 2018 as a presenter and a judge, I connected with an interesting lady Karry MacGovern who specialises in servicing conflict zones around the world and she has hooked me up with some contacts in Syria who are interested in using this product.

Whilst we are talking on the downlow, the dynamic cloud based VPN has also proven successful in circumnavigating online poker censorship and I am currently collaborating with a motivated group of Australian poker players building up a peer to peer platform to exchange online poker gaming assets for crypto.

Another exciting layer of my blockchain journey was meeting Hayden Otto who brought my hobby of crypto currency trading to a new level of understanding. The crypto currency and ICO space went hyper ballistic in late 2017, and through Hayden’s mentoring I was able to find a balanced way to navigate the space through the FUD and FOMO and the hype. I am an active member of an intelligent support network where we share technical analysis and margin trade significant breakouts in the movement of bitcoin. My goal is to accumulate crypto assets so that I participate in the crypto economic ecosystem and also to invest in software development projects that I believe will be future game changers. I actively support local CryptoStrategies meetups by supporting new members with guidance through their own crypto journeys.

Tom Miller, a gun developer at ConsenSys was another significant influencer in my blockchain journey. Tom is a very likeable, community orientated sorta guy who literally lives in a cave and taught himself to code. He made me believe in myself and has given me hope that I too could learn to code. I have had to start right from the beginning with completing computer science 101. My rate of self learning to code may be pacing significantly slower than a young dude who lives in a cave but I figure that even if I grasp some basic understanding of what is possible with coding, that I will be doing alright for a great grandmother who way back in another era completed her Masters of Science Degree using a typewriter.

I got alout out of being involved in BeerDev Weekend for a start up based out of Fishburner’s called Brew2Venue. Participants learned how to start building a simple blockchain project. The project we worked on was to address supply chain issues that were effecting the growth and viability of the craft brew beer industry in Australia. The BeerDev was an excellent hands on learning opportunity that gave me a practical introduction into Solidity, creating an Ethereum genesis block and a conceptual framework for how the blockchain interacts with the rest of the stack. https://github.com/brew2venue/brisbanehack  Following BeerDev, I read from cover to cover Chris Dannen’s book "Introducing Ethereum and Solidity - Foundations of Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Programming for Beginners" and I regularily attend Etheruem Engineering education sessions hosted by ConsenSys.

My blockchain journey to date cannot go without shinning acknowledgement to Katrina Donaghy, co-founder and now CEO of Civic Ledger, one of the very early adopter start ups in the blockchain space. Katrina is a very courages, resilient and forthright lady with this crazy curly hair. Katrina established the Brisbane Women in Blockchain meetup which provides a voice for  inspirational narrative of those who are quietly chipping away at developing blockchain solutions and business delivery to make the world a better place. Katrina was also catalysts for starting a private CryptoChicks group which I was a bit sus about at first but it has turned out to be a very productive, intelligent and empowering support group.

I am keen to collaborate with like minded others to build blockchain and other disruptive technology solutions for a digital future that is accessible, fair, vibrant and innovative. I am passionate about social justice, human rights, environmental protection, economic participation and digital rights and inclusion outcomes. I regularly Tweet things related to digital rights, blockchain technology, poker and cryptocurrencies @Yippiebeans and I can be found on my LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/yippiekai/. 
